think thought challenging from get
self-help code at UK think is this
thought true helpful important necessary
or kind as soon as you notice an
upsetting thought ask yourself is this
thought true helpful important necessary
kind is this thought true is there
evidence confirming this what are the
acts is this thought a helpful one
right now
is this talk really important right now
if this thought necessary do I need to
act on it right now is this thought kind
s it kind to me is it kind to others
what is true what would be helpful what
is important what is necessary what
would be kind think is this thought true
helpful important necessary or kind CBT
self-help and therapy resources from get
self-help code at UK